ar validations (#17)
gSchool/ada-2-ruby-on-rails: intro-to-rails-2-relationships/ar-validations.md

# Active Record Validations

<iframe src="https://adaacademy.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Embed.aspx?pid=331d23d5-762b-4f2c-9554-ac5e0133a56d&autoplay=false&offerviewer=true&showtitle=true&showbrand=false&start=0&interactivity=all" height="405" width="720" style="border: 1px solid #464646;" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay"></iframe>

## Learning Goals

By the end of this lesson we will be able to:

- Explore the _validations library_ provided by Active Record
- Discuss the role _validations_ play in data management

> - Guide users towards providing better data with validations and feedback messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Guide users towards providing better data by using validations and feedback messages
```

Reviewer: This just feels more clear to me b/c otherwise it reads like the user is providing data with validations and feedback in the data

<!-- >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BEGIN CHALLENGE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> -->
<!-- Replace everything in square brackets [] and remove brackets  -->

### !challenge

* type: short-answer
* id: 7ed3e225-b251-49d5-af2e-1d1ed88791ce
* title: Validations in Ride-Share-Rails
<!-- * points: [1] (optional, the number of points for scoring as a checkpoint) -->
<!-- * topics: [python, pandas] (optional the topics for analyzing points) -->

##### !question

What is one validation you think you should perform in Ride Share Rails?

##### !end-question

##### !placeholder

RSR Validations?

##### !end-placeholder

##### !answer

/.+/

##### !end-answer

<!-- other optional sections -->
<!-- !hint - !end-hint (markdown, users can see after a failed attempt) -->
<!-- !rubric - !end-rubric (markdown, instructors can see while scoring a checkpoint) -->
##### !explanation

Some possibilities include:

- Required fields like names, VIN numbers, etc
- Requiring the proper length of a VIN number
- Requiring a rating to be between 1 and 5
- Requiring the cost of a trip to be positive

##### !end-explanation

### !end-challenge

<!-- ======================= END CHALLENGE ======================= -->

> ## Summary

Reviewer: Thanks for adding a summary!
